 Commentary for Extension Work:

 Following work is done for Assignment 3- Instagram Filter:

 1: Option to Upload Image:
 User can upload the image of their choice from their system. 
 If the uploaded file is not image, the default image will be shown and message is shown on console "Please upload an image file"

 2: Option to Dowmload Filtered Image:
 User can download the filtered image.
 Once user applied filtered on their image, they have the option to download the filter image. 
 The name of the downloaded image is the same as the name of imahe user uploaded along with filtered_ at start to distinguish it.

 3: Option to change the Filter
 Other than Default filter which is the requirement of the Assignment I have introduced 4 more filters
 Those filters are:
 Brightness: THis filter will increase the brightness of image.
 Inverted: This filter will invert the image
 Sharpen: This filter will sharpen the image
 Threshold: This filter will apply threshold on image.
 In above filters, Brightness and Threshold filters are those where we need to apply loop on image in draw function as we need continuos processing.
 Although on Default filter which is earlyBirdFilter we apply loop whenever mouse is pressed.
 In Inverted and Sharpen filter we don't need loop as we compute their value only once.

 4: How to Change Filter:
 I have provided two option to change the filter apply on the image.
 First one: Dropdown => user can select the filter based on the oprion the chosse from the dropdown
 Second one: Key Pressed => user can press key to change the filter.
 The Key to Filter relation is given below:
 Pressed 'd': Default (earlyBirdFilter)
 Pressed 'b': Brightness
 Pressed 'i': Inverted
 Pressed 's': Sharpen
 Pressed 't': Threshold

 5: Added label and styling:
 Label added to distinguish between original and filtered image.
 Label added for all the buttons and dropdown introduced
 Style added for dropdown, buttons for upload and dropdown

 6: Resize the canvas and all the buttons, dropdown and labels
 Whenever user upload new image, the whole canvas will be resized based on the width and height of the uploaded image.
